PD-492: Box component (#236)
mongodb/leafygreen-ui: packages/root/README.md

> # Root

Author: Makes sense, added 👍

![npm (scoped)](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@leafygreen-ui/root.svg)

## Installation

### Yarn

```shell
yarn add @leafygreen-ui/root
```

### NPM

```shell
npm install @leafygreen-ui/root
```

## Example

```js
import Root from '@leafygreen-ui/Root';

<Root href="https://mongodb.design">I shall render as a link</Root>;
```

**Output HTML**

```html
<a href="https://mongodb.design">I shall render as a link</a>
```

## Properties

| Prop       | Type                                  | Description                                                                                                                     | Default  |
| ---------- | ------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------- |

> | `as`       | `HTMLElement` or `React.ReactElement` | Takes priority in determining what tag the `<Root />` element will render                                                       | `button` |

Author: Taking your suggestion for the wording, but `as` is not a required prop

> | `as`       | `HTMLElement` or `React.ReactElement` | Takes priority in determining what tag the `<Root />` element will render                                                       | `button` |

Reviewer: Oh, whoops, I meant an optional prop that doesn't have a default value. Sorry for the confusion. Either way I don't mind.

> | `href`     | `string`                              | Determines the location that an anchor tag will point to. If prop is set without the `as` prop, `<Root />` will render `a` tags |          |

Author: 👍

> | `children` | `React.ReactElement`                  | Content to appear inside of `<Root />` component                                                                                |          |

Reviewer: In this one situation, since we're dealing with both components and HTML elements, I think we should be more explicit:

```suggestion
| `children` | `React.ReactElement` | Content to be rendered in an HTML element, or provided as a prop to the rendered component | `undefined` |

_Any other properties will be spread on the rendered HTML element or component._
```

Author: 👍
